Computer Use Agents (CUA) support (#571)
browserbase/stagehand: .changeset/tender-rats-cheat.md

---
"@browserbasehq/stagehand": minor
---

> Adding support to Computer Use Agents (aka CUA). This unlocks brand new frontier of applications for Stagehand users 🤘!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use Computer Using Agents (CUA) natively in Stagehand for both Anthropic and OpenAI models! This unlocks a brand new frontier of applications for Stagehand users 🤘
```
